doc(external-plugins) add notice and graph for external plugins performance (#2967)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway-oss/2.5.x/external-plugins.md

start_cmd.

## Performance for external plugins

Depending on implementation details, Go plugins are able to utilize multiple CPU cores
and thus has best performance on a multi-core system. JavaScript plugins are currently
single-core only and there's no dedicated plugin server support.
Python plugins can use dedicated plugin server to span workload to
multiple CPU cores as well.

Unlike Lua plugins where invoking PDK functions are handled in local processes,

> calling PDK functions in external plugin is handled with network RPC and is thus

Reviewer: it's not _network_ RPC, just IPC (via unix domain sockets). 
```suggestion
calling PDK functions in external plugin implies inter-process communications and is thus
```

relatively expensive operation. In that case the performance of Kong using external plugins is

> highly related to the number of RPC calls in each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
highly related to the number of IPC calls in each request.
```

start_cmd.

## Performance for external plugins

Depending on implementation details, Go plugins are able to utilize multiple CPU cores
and thus has best performance on a multi-core system. JavaScript plugins are currently
single-core only and there's no dedicated plugin server support.
Python plugins can use dedicated plugin server to span workload to
multiple CPU cores as well.

Unlike Lua plugins where invoking PDK functions are handled in local processes,
calling PDK functions in external plugin implies inter-process communications and is thus

> relatively expensive operation. In that case the performance of Kong using external plugins is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
relatively expensive operation. Because of the expense of calling PDK functions in external plugins, the performance of Kong using external plugins is
```
